Come and have a look brothers
This phone is very nice.
Let me introduce it to you, you can take a look, it has a little impact.
May 9, 2000 at 11:00 am
Two hours later.
A big earthquake is about to happen in the sky
Mengxue and Yaoyao were still at that exchange meeting
Two hours left.
I have to save them.
2 hours later
Tiancheng will experience a once-in-a-millennium earthquake
Please leave as soon as possible
If you can't leave, remember to escort the open soldiers
What sociopath?
Where is the clown in this cursed sky city?
Tiancheng has never had an earthquake
Stop fooling the crowd
Airshock is ridiculous
This is Master Qin's account number.
No way.
Must be included immediately to the President of the National Academy of Sciences
Hello, gorgeous mobile phone, find out.
don't do it
Domestic products are all miscellaneous brands
Who likes it
Smelly dad
Why didn't you come to celebrate my birthday with me?
demon
Mengxue
I said why do you work so hard every day?
Wouldn't it be better to sell the company directly to Mr. Hu?
There is an island consortium behind Hu Shao
Offer a good price
Huali is the last domestic mobile phone brand in China
If acquired by an island country
The mobile phone industry in China will never thrive
Gorgeous impossible to sell
What does the mobile phone industry care about us?
Enough is enough
We have already negotiated with Hu Shao
Hu Shao also said
As long as you agree to marry him
He promised to marry me too
When is the time?
We serve Hu Shao together, eat well and drink spicy food
How nice this is
What nonsense are you talking about in your dream?
There is only one person who wants to marry you and my husband.
That is Qin Feng
Since Qin Feng, that waste, entered our Duan family
Hmph, except for Gu Dao's broken studio
What the hell is a scientist's dream?
What did he do for you?
How can this Qin Feng compare to Hu Shao?
If it weren't for Hu Shao saying
I have to marry you to agree to marry me
Do you think I will come to beg you?
Hu Shao is coming soon
Today you will either marry Hu Shao
Or sell Gorgeous to Hu Shao
Gorgeous is impossible to sell Meng Xue
And less likely to marry anyone else
Dad Yaoyao
Happy Birthday
Dad, why are you crying?
Dad is happy
Qin Feng, you trash
Don't just stay in your kennel studio
What are you doing here?
weeping
The face of the Duan family has been lost by you trash
Qin Feng, why are you here?
It's too late, let's go
Hey
Forward
Today's technology exchange is about gorgeous life and death
Besides, even if you want to go
You have to tell me why
Another 40 minutes.
There will be a big earthquake in Tiancheng
Almost everyone will be dead by then
If we don't go, it's too late